I'm going to cut the yoke thin.
Don't cut it thick.
Yoke is thin.
It's a little hard.
It's a little wet.
What?
Cut the yoke thick?
Do you want to cut one yoke into two?
You idiot.
Don't be a fool.
That's fine.
I'll make you a good tea.
I'm going to eat yoke.
I'm going to cut it.
Can you reach it?
Come up with your teeth.
I'm going to cut it.
What if everyone eats yoke?
I'm sorry, but
I'd like a piece of paper.
Paper?
Do you want to buy flowers?
I'm going to wrap it in cotton.
You can use a fire extinguisher.
I'm going to put it down.
I'm going to fly over there.
I'm going to put it on the other side.
Yoke is thick.
It's a little hard.
If you put it in thick,
It's going to be sticky.
I'm going to eat it.
That's fine.
I'm going to take it home and make it for my mother.
After my mother took bitter medicine,
I'd like a bite.
Don't say that.
I'm going to shake my body and take bitter medicine.
So I'm going to take this and cut it into small pieces.
I'm going to make a bite.
I'm going to take it home and make it for my mother.
What?
A bite?
Everyone!
Don't eat the liver!
You're so cruel, sir.
You should have stopped the liver a little earlier.
You should have stopped the liver earlier.
You're trying to eat it and then put it in your mouth.
You're so cruel.
I'm going to take it out.
Mom, bring the liver to me.
I'm sure you're crying.
You don't have a child.
I don't have another child like this in the world.
You don't eat it.
I'll take it to my mother.
You have a child.
Don't worry, mom.
Try to get the liver you got and eat it.
You'll see how happy your parents are.
You're so cute.
Parents are stupid.
You should be happy
if you give the liver to the child
instead of eating sashimi.
Everyone will eat this liver.
Hey,
I don't have enough people.
Did someone eat your liver?
What kind of person are you?
He was so angry that he stopped his tongue as soon as he put it in his mouth.
He was so angry that he stopped his tongue as soon as he thought.
He was so fast that he could eat.
After this, the second-class officer, Hidegoro, who was a high-ranking officer, was sent to the military.
He became a mercenary in the military and became a man.
Finally, he was called by the Edoji.
This is the story of the Japanese general, Sanji Nogitsune.
Excuse me.